Title: Great product retro system for all to enjoy
 Comment: Great item. Allows me to play some of the old games that I used to play when I was younger and never got to fully finish due to lack of patience.  Just as fun and even better now as an adult to just play a simple game to relax. The system is light weight,  fits right on my shelf in a small draw, and barely noticeable. Works like a dream. (I am having so much fun with this product I cannot say it enough!)Read full review...
Title: Risk on older used electronics
 Comment: AV port didn't work and there was rattling in the case for the PS1. Upon opening the case black plastic fell out of the unit. Controller didnt work great.
Title: Great to have, brought back some great memories.
 Comment: It has been years since playing this system. I was pleasantly surprised about how well the game play is. The graphics are not great because with all the newer systems, they make the graphics on here,look choppy. I don't remember them being this blurry.Read full review...
Title: A solid game system
 Comment: I love PS and PS 3. Good solid machines. Both can actually play all types of media very well. The PS is also a quality CD player. Good graphics too.
Title: Shipped my product well secured and fast. Would love to work with them again
 Comment: Shipped my product well secured and fast. Would love to work with them again
Title: the best game console
 Comment: the picture shows all the cables and controllers as described. this item arrived as i expected . all the cables and controllers cover with plastic wrap and bubbles inside the box. they are intact.itworks . this is my first game console .Read full review...
Title: Awesome
 Comment: Thank you for the system, it brought back a lot of good memories especially Tony Hawks. Great buy and it runs like a champ. Thank you again
Title: High Quality Digital-to-Analog Conversion on the Cheap!
 Comment: The Impressive DAC capabilities of the PS1 provides budding audiophiles a valuable means of comparing a high-quality CD input to their stereo systems for little investment.  The PS1 is a clunky CD player, and learning to master the game controls to skip to particular songs on a CD can be laughably frustrating, but the sound quality of the CD -- once playing -- is undeniably enhanced.  Treat your CDs like they're vinyl LPs -- put one on, set it to play and listen to the whole recording in its intended sequence and musical range.Read full review...
Title: The PS1 is classic
 Comment: There is little technical resion  reason to buy an PS1 with the PS2/3, and emulation all capable to play the ps1 library.Buy If your like me, there is not replacement for playing some of my old favorite on the original hard hard where. I know have 4 different consoles that can play the original PS1 library ( PSone {the mini}, the original PS1, the PS2, and the PS3) But when ever I play a PS1 title it will be on this original gray beauty.Read full review...
Title: Sony Playstation 1, model SCHP 1001
 Comment: The main thing here is that the model was correct, it was clean, and worked as advertised.  These are rare models and desirable as CD players, so finding one that is in great condition at a fair pricewas exactly what I was looking for - well done!Read full review...
Title: Audiophile playstation
 Comment: I bought this Sony play station scph 1001 because of all the online reviews saying it is a great sounding cd player. Well the reviews were 100% accurate. This little unit makes for a great cd player.
Title: Childhood nostalgia!
 Comment: Love being able to play games from when I was a kid. Great memories. Thanks!
Title: The best time waster ever.
 Comment: It's a great little machine. Played it as a kid with a friend who owned one. Finally got my own and love the hell out of it.
Title: Poor quality
 Comment: I plugged it in and the video with color came in once then stopped working and is continuously grey. Also when I play a game the controller stops working
Title: Thank you
 Comment: I wanted to restore my PlayStation. And i did just that.. with a mint looking shell and also changed the laser.. it works perfect.. thank you.
Title: playstation 1
 Comment: Thank you for the best service ever. I just needed another plug and another playstation just incase it were to overheat becouse I placed it ontop the hottest dish box. It always helps to knock on the door. This is the best place ever. Thank you very much for the best service ever.Sincerly:gabrielRead full review...
Title: Fun system
 Comment: This brings back memories. Very fun.
Title: Very satisfied
 Comment: Shipped ahead of schedule, product as described, works well.
Title: Unable to play game system
 Comment: The AV cable does not work. I am unsure of the quality of the system due to not being able to play it. The controller does not have the green light either so I'm not sure if that works.
Title: Fun product.
 Comment: An oldie but goodie, that is much fun to play with.
Title: Playstation Audiophile Sound?  Close but not quite,  but worth a look.
 Comment: Honestly I purchased this item for its sound quality.  Depending on your system these scph 1001 play stations do a great job of imaging which I do not find in many CD players costing hundreds of dollars.  It was however no were near as good and the tube CD player I have (carver).  They say these are audiophile I would say possibly.  Does it compare to 1000 dollar CD players not really, but with modifications they are pretty good.  Make sure however that the one you purchase is tested.  These are old and can have problems.  No two may sound alike due to age.  Something to keep in mind.Read full review...
Title: PlayStation as CD player
 Comment: Rumors abound, excellent sound, remote is only issue. PlayStation 2 IR and remote give basic functionality .
Title: Great price,great unit
 Comment: Luvin' the PlayStation!They games weren't what I ordered but, they'll do. Good quality for the prices.Thanks
Title: Great buy
 Comment: It's a great system and now I can play old games again defintely worth it
Title: Great!
 Comment: Just exactly what I remember.  I love this system.  Simple and fun.
Title: The AV and power cables weren’t original. But the console works fine.
 Comment: The AV and power cables weren’t original. But the console works fine.
Title: Loud whining sound and would not spin the disc.
 Comment: It didn't work. After it arrived I tested it. There was a loud whining sound, and the mechanism for spinning the disc would not turn, so the disc would not work.
Title: playstaion
 Comment: Is a great back up to the slim one I use now.
Title: picture stalls some time its great to play
 Comment: it works but it stalls some time
Title: Great for audio
 Comment: A very good product for audio playback
Title: Very good
 Comment: Very good, turned on as soon as I clicked the button, no yellowing and in great working order
Title: Old but good
 Comment: Needed a replacement works great
Title: Bought a PS1 unit that isn't functioning.
 Comment: The unit does not play games.  It powers up but doesn't work.
Title: Love my puchase
 Comment: Great value and arrived on time
Title: Gave an extra Gane I cannot wait to play!
 Comment: Gave an extra Gane I cannot wait to play!
Title: Console is in beautiful condition and was exactly what I was looking for
 Comment: Console is in beautiful condition and was exactly what I was looking for
Title: I will enjoy game system I will have fun playing it and Thank you very much
 Comment: I will enjoy game system I will have fun playing it and Thank you very much
Title: Awesome
 Comment: Great Value, still functions just fineThanka
Title: Classics!
 Comment: Great games. Remind me of my childhood ^.^ Still fun to play back through years later.
Title: Amazing!
 Comment: This added so much to my collection.
Title: Very clean system and games are nice ver...
 Comment: Very clean system and games are nice very minimal scratching considering the age
Title: Satisfied
 Comment: Works very well
Title: the original playStation
 Comment: Had the best library of games for its time, it is still a great system even to this day,this is the best for the beginner to own
Title: not what I expected!
 Comment: Item was not the one in the pictures, missing power cord, looks like it's been burned with brown stains.
Title: Works great with my son's ps3. Got it on time!
 Comment: Works great with my son's ps3. Got it on time!
Title: nice one
 Comment: good one
Title: Fast order and console showed up clean and ready to go
 Comment: Fast order and console showed up clean and ready to go
Title: Item functional and mostly as described.
 Comment: Item functional and mostly as described.
Title: Awesome item thanks
 Comment: Wonderful and painless purchase
