Title: Great though some issue with power
 Comment: Works great love to revisit some old classics. But the ps2 has a issue where it wouldn’t detect the power cable. I even bought a replacement power adapter and still have the same issue. I have to fiddle with the cable until I see that the red light appears.Read full review...
Title: Wont read the disc
 Comment: Fresh out of the box I plug everything in and turn it on, great the power works so far so good. I put in the game I've been dying to play again since 2014 and it gives me a little trouble so i reset and it loads the game fine. Literally 12 hours later when i try to play the game the console refuses to read the disc it just read the night prior!! The disc is fine and I even tried a different game and it still wont read the disc.Read full review...
Title: Classic but great fun for some old games!
 Comment: I bought a PS2 so I could get in touch with my childhood and play Kingdom Hearts 1 and 2. I have no regrets! The system works as it should and starts up pretty quickly. I've been playing for hours with no problems. The system runs smoothly and effortlessly. I'm glad I could get a good quality used one to work so well.Read full review...
Title: If you regret letting go of your old PS2, buy a used one!
 Comment: Regret letting go of that PS2 console all those years ago? If you are yearning to relieve playing those classic Playstation 2 games then you should get a PS2 Slim Console and get back up and running.Used games are readily available and cheap. Play all your old favorites like you did 15 years ago! Make sure the model you get has a functioning DVD reader. If not, you will need to use something like free MCBOOT to get your games on USB and run them from there. The PS2 slim is quieter and more compact than the older PS2 fat and generally more reliable than the older models.Read full review...
Title: We will see
 Comment: My Ps 2 slim cane super fast! And I was super stoked I set it up and went to play. Sadly.... the ac power cord is only 5 v I have had to order the 8.5 v adapter elsewhere and wait longer to see if that fixes the issue of where it tries to turn on and immediately turns off. Hopefully that fixes the issue. The power cord it came with isn’t it’s original and is too low a voltage so fingers crossed this fixes the issue but I’m really sad because I was super excited to play my old games and also some I had ordered in anticipation. I bought this to replace my old stolen one :(So Sunday I will know if that was the issue or if there is a bigger problem. Hopefully not because that would be an absolute bummer.Read full review...
Title: It plays so well...
 Comment: I absolutely love it. I bought it to primarily play Grand Theft Auto: Vice City a classic that my late cousin and I used to play day in and day out. Thank you for helping to bring back these memories.
Title: Would recommend, may need to flip over to get games to play
 Comment: Just got my PS2 today. Came in super early. Everything was wrapped nicely inside though exterior of box was a little concerningly damaged. Doesn't come with a memory card so you'll need to buy that separately. I couldnt get any of my games to read so I looked up how to fix it and it said to flip the slim ps2 system over and put the disc in (apparently that's a common problem with the slims). Its inconvenient but it got the games to play. So, for $100 to come with 2 controllers, arrive so quickly, and to give my twin and I the opportunity to play the games we grew up with, I'm happy and would recommend.Read full review...
Title: Awesome retro console
 Comment: Awesome console. One of the memory cards was corrupted, but that doesn't matter much to me since one works & I only need one! :)Good controllers, too. GTA-SA is a wonderful game and it has theold songs. Thank you!Read full review...
Title: Travel back in time to 2005 and relive some good times
 Comment: Great for a little nostalgia or, as folks seem already to be calling it, a little "retro" gaming. Console plays like a charm. Naturally, this is an older and outdated console, so you should expect thegraphics to be a little lower quality. For best results, play on a CRT and/or pick up SCART or component cables, rather than using the VGA hookup provided. VGA works fine, but will tend to look a little rough on a modern flat-screen television. PS2s were literally designed to be played on CRT televisions, so the graphics appear best on those; however, springing for a Component cable substantially improves the looks of things, even if you play on a modern flat-screen.Some of items in the bundle are probably going to be third-party replacements. If you're buying this for serious "retro" gaming, you may want to eventually find some Sony brand items; however, the console works fine enough when it arrives and you may not feel the need. I found the third-party controller included in my bundle to be functional enough, but I found the "feeling" of the button-presses and the light weight of it a little off-putting, so I bought some real Sony controllers to use instead. This is not to say what comes with the bundle won't work! Mine worked just fine! Just be realistic and remember you are buying a previously-enjoyed console whose original accessories may have long since vanished and have been replaced in a cost-effective way.The console comes to you clean and ready to go, including a PS2 memory card. The memory card included with my bundle still had a great deal of old save data on it, but that's easy to delete yourself... And to be honest, I didn't mind seeing DDR and FFX-2 game saves dated back to the mid-aughties on there, gave me a little chuckle.Really, a great bang for your buck. Totally recommend this little kit if you just want something to amuse yourself or play some old favorites on now and then!Read full review...
Title: sorry i am late but it is great i love the ps2!
 Comment: this is great runs great and was a great deal and fast delivery my son loves the nostalgia of it Great Product! will buy from again!
Title: Black and white
 Comment: The product might be fine or it might not be fine. The images on the television are in black and white whether I play a movie or game disc. But I think the problem might be with my TV, although it works fine on broadcast channels, in color.Read full review...
Title: Worth it
 Comment: This is a my favorite game console as a kid/teen and I'm so excited I got it... it has been used everyday almost since it was delivered to my door lol. The only downside is the green controller that came with it doesn't want to work anymore when plugged in the buttons when pressed don't work anymore. We press but nothing happens. Then also one of the grey controller the R1 button sticks... but other than that happy with my purchaseRead full review...
Title: PS 2 BUY WITH CONFIDENCE !
 Comment: I came home, hooked it up and expected the worse ! But, NOOOO ! Everything is perfect and everything looks brand new ! I would buy again knowing that I have the best coming ! I put in my game, God ofWar 2 and WOW ! LOOKS GREAT ! Thank you so much for the PS2, WIRELESS controllers and a free game !Read full review...
Title: Playstation 2 used
 Comment: I got what I wanted. I really enjoy certain games from PlayStation 1  games. The product and everything works well. It was in pretty good shape.
Title: Great deal on a used platform, works great.
 Comment: It’s become difficult to find the PS2 slim at a reasonable price. This one was clean as new and works very well. Should have shopped on eBay sooner!
Title: Stylish and reliable (SCPH-75001)
 Comment: I purchased one of these earlier this year (SCPH-75001), partly since they had become so cheap, plus I had received a gift card for Christmas for a game store, and since I haven't really been much ofa "gamer" is recent times, I wasn't sure what to buy. The console has worked fine since I bought it - I've played it for hours and hours at a time, and the console just doesn't seem to give up. I think I've heard of overheating issues with these consoles, but my PS2 Slim seems to work just fine (and very quiet most of the time!). It doubles as a DVD player. It can produce stunning images with as high as 1080i resolution (I have witnessed this with Gran Turismo 4 and Tourist Trophy); one thing about images on the PS2 though is, especially when not in HD, the pictures tends to be much darker than what I experience with my XBOX, but simple solution of increasing brightness seems to be sufficient (not always great, but it works). Graphics, overall, seem to be decent on the small selection of games I've played, though I think I will say that, having access to all three consoles, that the Gamecube and the XBOX generally seem to boast higher graphics, though I would say that the PS2 has some unique graphics that can demonstrate that graphical power is "not everything." My PS2 Slim seems to have little issue running both PS2 and PS1 games (part of the reason I wanted a PS2 was to play older PS1 games). It's about the size of a small notebook when sitting alone (if you include the separate power supply brick, slightly bigger, but not by much, still pretty small). Overall, great, reliable little console. [NOTE - remember to unplug electronics when not in use if possible!]. God bless!Read full review...
Title: Ps2slim
 Comment: Product came in on time and complete...due to a new lazer lens as stated in product description, playing games on this console plays like new...dvd plays well after initial set up..very satisfied withpurchase...Read full review...
Title: Amazing so far
 Comment: The guy who sold me this did great. Amazing condition especially for a ps2. The guy shipped it out asap. It was packaged well and you could tell they was making sure it made it safe and sound in one piece. I'd recommend buying stuff from him if he has what you are looking for. HonestlyRead full review...
Title: Gaming Console
 Comment: The cord that goes from the game itself to the tv has a slight short, but it is still playing once settled in the right space. Not the power cord.
Title: Great condition when received, plays dual layer DVD games (some might not work)
 Comment: I received this PS2 in great mint condition via FedEx.  Some dual-layer games might not work.  I tried Yakuza 2, it worked at first but stopped working when I try to run the game again.  But this is probably the disc itself is the issue.  Gran Turismo 4 which is also a dual-layer DVD game works flawlessly.  Happy that I bought this PS2.Read full review...
Title: Very satisfied!
 Comment: I usually don’t write reviews because it’s somthing I feel like o should leave to the other consumers but this product for its price was completely worth the buy despite some cosmetic things like dustand a scuff on the top of the of the console it run very well and is definitely worth your money the cosmetics is to be expected see as it is a used system but what matters is that it works and I am very satisfied now I can play all my childhood favorites!Read full review...
Title: PS2 Nostalgia
 Comment: I never owned a PS2 growing up, but I had the opportunity to play it many times at friend's/family's homes.  Had the opportunity to pick one of these up after all these years, and I am glad I did. Sure by today's standards the graphics are dated, but that is part of the charm/nostalgia. It is actually impressive how good some of these games look considering the age. If you want the best-looking picture quality, pick up a great set of Component Cables (HD Retrovision). Believe me, these are great and will make your PS@ look clear and sharp. Just make sure your tv has component inputs.Other than that, it is a PS2, there is a reason why it is the best-selling console of all time to this day. Just make sure you get one that has been taken care of, I assume it will last a lot longer and you will be able to enjoy it for many more years to come.Read full review...
Title: Thanks!
 Comment: I was glad to get a PS2 back in my gaming collection. As an added bonus, it came with Guitar hero game, a memory card and a joystick extender. I was very happy with this purchase and will buy some games from them as well!!!Read full review...
Title: Great deal
 Comment: My 19yo asked for this for Christmas and I love eBay can always find a good deal for what I need and the warranty was just the right price
Title: PS2 Super fun throwback!
 Comment: So with the upcoming release of Star Wars: Battlefront 3 on PS4 this fall, I started getting nostalgic for Battlefront 1 & 2. I still had the games but I sold my PS2 years ago. Luckily I was able to find a PS2 Slim on eBay. I am impressed with how small the system is. It runs great and the games play just as well as I remember. It's a pretty affordable way to relive the past and play great games you can't find anymore.Read full review...
Title: Wont read the disc
 Comment: Fresh out of the box I plug everything in and turn it on, great the power works so far so good. I put in the game I've been dying to play again since 2014 and it gives me a little trouble so i reset and it loads the game fine. Literally 12 hours later when i try to play the game the console refuses to read the disc it just read the night prior!! The disc is fine and I even tried a different game and it still wont read the disc.Read full review...
Title: Buy at your own risk
 Comment: It said on the title newly refurbished gaming console but my old one work better than the one I got but controllers and power cord AV cords worked great but not the gaming console itself
Title: Blast From The Past
 Comment: Great system to bring back the memories. The slim version makes it convenient to store with other device and doesn't have a mechanical drive that could fail like the fat version. Tons of fun even withtoday's new systems. With 1850+ available games and low prices, you can't go wrong.Read full review...
Title: It works great!
 Comment: For one the shipping was great.The console itself is in great shape.The controller even thought it's a 3rd party it works great.Overall great product and I would definitely recommend.
Title: Play Station 2 is a more then just a game console
 Comment: The PlayStation 2 is a console I shared with my sister when I was a kid, now I have my own. It's has a huge liberty of great games, such as Ratchet and Clank, along with Kingdom Hearts. The console can also play PS1 games like Crash Bandicoot and Mega Man 8, and all of the games play well with the controller. The coolest the part of the console is that it can also  be used as a DVD player, playing all your cool movies. This is a game console that any gamer should own and I personally think that any person will love owning the PlayStation 2Read full review...
Title: Lack of details about product
 Comment: The console itself is in good condition but it takes awhile for games to load. Controller did not work at all. Luckily, I found an extra controller that we had from our old PS2. I needed the console,which is what I got. But the price I paid was a rip-off considering everything else was useless without the controller.Read full review...
Title: System works good
 Comment: My purchase was a good one. The system works good. It reads both game and DVD discs. The condition is pretty good. The wires work and the controller work. My only complaint is the DC in Port is a little damaged so I have to keep the wire a certain way and be carful not to bump it or the system will shut down and I will have to rearrange the wire again. Otherwise I  say it was a good purchase and it arrived faster than expected.Read full review...
Title: Old but gold
 Comment: The game system itself works smoothly and sometimes the games glitch but that is to be expected with any console that is almost 20 years old ! I've been enjoying playing all my old childhood memory gamesRead full review...
Title: Works great
 Comment: Needed to buy a new Power Cord, because my old PS2 that Crapped out, used a different cord. The system works great, and I look forward to hours of fun.
Title: Was not like in the description
 Comment: The controller did not work, neither did the video cable. Not sure how it was tested if there was no power cord and could only read certain memory cards so I had to buy a new one as well. I ended up having to buy almost all new everything and would have been worth my while to buy a different one. I also had to clean it as it was dusty and did not want to give it to someone in the condition it was in.Read full review...
Title: The PS2 "works"
 Comment: The console does turn on fine, plays cds, and can read your memory cards but the laser must have an issue because it won't play dvds or games. Wouldn't have bought it if I had known this in advance.
Title: Everything works perfect
 Comment: Really excited to revisit some old classic ps2 games since my old ps2 stopped working years ago and this was the solution! Everything came as stated. Everything works good cables, controller, ps2 reads my discs just fine and my AV to hdmi converter works perfect with it. PlayStation came with a little I guess dirty smudges or something but it was easily cleaned so it’s fine. Thanks!Read full review...
Title: Very much worth the price.
 Comment: Works in great condition. Couldn't be any more happy with my purchase, despite not coming with a memory card.
Title: I was so shocked!
 Comment: I was thinking it was going to be a fixer upper (because most are ) this one is like brand new ! So happy with my purchase ! Highly recommend and well buy from again 💕💕
Title: Good working wireless controls good working all GOOD
 Comment: Very happy thanks . Does not come with a memory card but that's ok 👌 👍 👍
Title: It was time to replace the old.
 Comment: Thank you very much to the person I ordered it from! My old PS2 had just gotten so old that it was time to get a new one if I wanted to keep playing some of my favorite games, and I couldn't be happier with how the system works (it runs smoothly and the graphics are like new). Besides a few sticky ports, there's absolutely nothing wrong with the system or controllers at all. In fact I hadn't realized how nice the games could look as my old one had been nearly 20 years old by this point. Overall very satisfied!Read full review...
Title: Great throwback game system
 Comment: This throwback is exactly what I wanted to play a bunch of old games that had been sitting around for about 5 years.  With a component video cable the graphics and audio are exactly as I expected themto be and work well on a modern TV.  I picked up a used console or just $60 and a cable for $13.  Quite reasonable to keep using the volume of games that I want to play periodically.Read full review...
Title: Just Amazing small and Powerful
 Comment: It is Amazing useful and small size, easy to fit in an type of carry bag. but, it can be heated when playing any games so keep in mind to kept it cool with cooling fan that made for PS2 slim and enjoy.also, with zenith 5" monitor type for PS2 slim is awesome to watch without taking away half time football's game to others. smallness Gaming ever in combo.This PS2 slim is simple cuteness thing l ever see and it is powerful.Read full review...
Title: GREAT PRODUCT!!!!
 Comment: FUN PRODUCT!! BLAST FROM THE PAST!! GREW UP WITH A SYSTEM LIKE THIS. GREAT TO HAVE IT BACK!!!
Title: Great Condition, works well !!
 Comment: Arrived in excellent packing. Clean , works well no problems . Very happy with my purchase. Nostalgia going hard with this! Love mgs series and feels great playing on a ps2.
Title: It works...
 Comment: My son asked for this system specifically BC he wanted the Tom and Jerry game. He loves playing the game but get frustrated bc of issues with the system and controller. The controllers keep going out,have to keep switching them just to play the game. I have to wipe off the disk and the inside lense just to get the game to play.Read full review...
Title: CHEAP JUNK!
 Comment: Cheap Chinese imitations of Sony controller. Requires  batteries. No duel shock functions. Game wouldn't load, Disk drive drug while spinning up,when it would spin. Like someone bought at a yard saleadded to cheap controllers and sold at inflated prices. Big scratch across top of unit! .DO NOT BUY!Read full review...
Title: Not as good as I had hoped for, or remembered.  :-\
 Comment: Old school isn't always good on a nice new 60" HDTV. The games weren't made good enough back then (Graphics) and the screens are pixelated pretty badly.  :-(
Title: Works great
 Comment: Work great and brings back great memories
Title: Awesome deal and fast service!
 Comment: Thank you!!! This deal was more than I thought!  I was surprised to find some of my favorite ps1 and ps2 games included in the bundle! Like Christmas! 5++++ stars!!
