Title: Great Graphics and Intuitive Software Comment: I definitely enjoyed gaming with this product. I will say it was a little slower than I was expecting, but overall the graphics were breathtaking and as far as navigating within the Play Station software it was relatively easy for someone using it for the first time.Read full review...
Title: PlayStation 4 - The best playstation made yet, but the worse multimedia systems Sony has ever produced. Comment: As a Games Console, the PS4 is brilliant. Not as Good as a PC, but leagues better than the PS3 and Nintendo Switch. The graphics as amazing and the quality of the exclusive games are top notch.>However this isn't just another Games Console, where the only thing it can do is play video games, but this is a PlayStation, a brand which has been know for it's versatile systems which aren't just meant for Games, but also Music (PS1 had CD playback), Movies (PS2 had dvd playback), all other forms of multimedia support. The PS3 can stream Netflix, or a private media server, you can store movies, music and pictures on the HDD, and it can play Blurays.But the PS4 isn't the PS3, and when Sony made it, they didn't add in the other feature too. You need a separate USB to play Movies, or music. The only pictures you can view are screen shots you take in game. There's an error message when you want to watch your media server when there's no USB plugged in, and you can't listen to your Audio CD's. As a complete replacement of the PS3 the PS4 is terrible.So is a PS4 worth getting? Well if you are looking for a true successor the PS3 I'm afraid not, but as a current gen plug and play system, it does a good job, even if a PC can do it better.Read full review...
Title: Ps4 Excellent gaming machine Comment: You can't get  a better price for a new PS4 with Star Wars Battlefront and the wireless control. Using the hdmi cable gives extremely fine quality for both video and surround sound.  The size of the unit fits next to your stereo system with no problem if not in cabinet. The wireless signal is also incredible.Read full review...
Title: Brand new and ready to go! Comment: It's taking me a minute to get used to the differences between my PS3 and PS4, but I will say that the PS4 tries to be user friendly. The unit arrived and works perfectly. If I could play my old gamesit would be perfect but SONY expects you to buy things a second or third time if you want to keep playing. Not happening.Read full review...
Title: Great Value with some minor fixable issues Comment: Pros:- It came well packaged and was easy to set up.- It came with a free game of Madden '17- It came with all the chords that are shown in the picture- It plays both Fallout 4 and several of my movies in great detail- It's in great condition for a launch edition PS4Cons:- It needed to download a massive update for me to even access the internet- It did not come with a micro USB to USB chord to charge the Dualshock controller- I think I might need to take some canned air and clean out the inner vents to prevent dust build up and ergo overheatingRead full review...
Title: Great product Comment: Love it turns on normally no problems there havent played a game yet but still great product the issue is that i was supposed to get an hdmi cable with it but only got the power cord...but yeah stillrecomend itRead full review...
Title: Good. Not great. Comment: Slow to load games and applications. Sometimes it needs a hard reset. The pitfalls of purchasing a refurbished machine I suppose. All in all, good product.
Title: Only for real gamers Comment: Got some small marks on the front panel, probably from tape, but for me it’s not a problem that can’t be fixed.I wanted to purchase a PS4 since The Last Of Us (2013) came out exclusively forthe console, but because I already own a computer that can handle the gaming aspect, thought of it as waste of money. After watching a RDR2 trailer for a hundredth time, I forgot all about the wasting money part and went straight to EBay in hopes of finding a cheaper version.The console runs like a dream, I totally forget that it isn’t out of the box ‘brand new’. Had no problems with any connections or any updates, I logged in, updated it, bought the game, waited seven hours for it to download (the 92GB was like a slap in the face), and just enjoyed myself in general.11/10This might be it chiefRead full review...
Title: Best purchase yet Comment: When I bought this used I thought it would be a little bruised but it was in really good shape really. And, it seems to have good graphics and plenty of games in stock. Not to mention that I got it for 200 rather than 400 dollars so awesome product and great value.Read full review...
Title: PS4 not so great. Comment: I have had a PS3 for many years. I took the plunge and got a PS4 500gb. Thinking that would be plenty of space to play games.I got 2call of duty games. Took a day to download the updates on 1 game. The game was fun but then needed another update. Another day. I looked to see how much memory I had and damn. 50 gb left if not less. . I wasted the money to buy this. I went back to my ps3. I can play online without having to pay.Read full review...
Title: AMAZING Comment: The ps4 arrived in great condition, not a single scratch on it. I plugged it in, turned it on, used it a little, I have yet to run into a single problem. If there is any issue with it that I haven't discovered yet it isn't anything serious. 175$ for this product is a steal. Definitely worth it👍👍👍.Read full review...
Title: PS4 Refurbished Review Comment: The only downside was the controller. The left button was stuck and I didn't get the protection plan so had to buy a new controller othan that excellent product.
Title: It's a good price and the delivery was fast Comment: This ps4 is fun and easy to use The concle works great and comes with everything you need. Easy to set up not so easy to navigate though. However I have not played any video games in almost ten years.I got this to help clear my mind at the end of a stressful work week.Read full review...
Title: PS4 Original Runs Smoothly Without Fail! Comment: Although this was not the second generation or even the latest slim or UHD model it runs without locking up or failure. My Samsung 55 inch UHD TV shows no lines from any of the video games I own. Yesterday I was able to upgrade this console's hard drive to 2 TB. All is well!Read full review...
Title: Great deal Comment: Controller is a bit toward the end of its battery life span, and the micro usb cable that came with the unit appears to have been damaged.Some minor issues requiring a hard reset here and there, but apparently its a common issue with this run of PS4s.Other than that the system runs great, no issues regarding performance whatsoever.Read full review...
Title: Great System Comment: This system is great, love the graphics, it's super fun. The only issue I would say that this system has is the internet connectivity. It seems like if you are hard wired in you have no issues but ifyou are using WIFI I wish you luck on it working.Read full review...
Title: Broken. Comment: The hdmi port was bad. I had to bend the prongs back to be able to use it for a shirt period of time and then the hdmi port stopped working altogether. Now I have to find a tech support place to solder on a new hdmi port so I can actually use the product.Read full review...
Title: Nice college buy Comment: I already had a PS4 shared with my brother but bought this one for me to take to college. I already had an extra controller and HDMI cord so this was the easy choice. I recommend anyone looking to buya PS4 to check these out before paying extra for a bundle or something.Read full review...
Title: Great System Comment: Really nice system even. I only have a few games at the moment (Uncharted 4, Ratchet & Clank and Bloodborne) all the games are great and Uncharted 4 might be the nicest looking game I've ever played.Dualshock 4 controller is ok, it's not my favorite controller (feels a bit weird for FPS) but it works fine. I also have a Xbox One but may recommend the PS4 a bit more being that it's exclusives will be only on PS4 unlike Xbox as there moving a lot of there exclusives to Windows 10. I'd recommend doing some research and seeing what games your interested in and seeing if there exclusive or not and if Sony's games look good for you know that you'll be getting a great system.Read full review...
Title: Used PS4 Comment: Even though this product was in used condition, this company is fantastic, the game system is great, it is in perfect condition and plays great, graphics are smooth. My son absolutely loves his PS4 hereceived for his birthday. ThanksRead full review...
Title: Great product, poor psn download speed, lots of potential Comment: I got hooked on the PS3 10 years ago. I didn't want the first build of the PS4(not an early adopter, I also waited a year before purchasing the PS3). I upgraded the HDD with a 500GB Samsung SSD 850 EVO. Load times are so fast; it's almost like "instant on" when I power it up.Download speeds from PSN are PATHETIC! I have a 30mbs service from my ISP. However my PS4 only reports a download speed of 611kbs. One of the games that came with the system is "The Last Of Us"; it's been downloading for 24 hours and still reports it will be another 99 hours!. My network is hard wired with cat 6 Ethernet. My modem and router, and switches are Gigabit rated. At this time the only machine that is active on the internet is the PS4. The PC Pitstop bandwidth speed test reports a download speed of 22mbs. Why can't Sony do any better than a SLOW DSL connection? When I upgraded the HDD; I went to the Sony site to download the latest system software. It was a 700mb download on my PC. It took less than 4 minutes to download. There is something wrong with the PS4 when it comes to connectivity. When attempting to view trailers for games they offer; Sony's videos buffered every 20 seconds. I gave up trying to watch videos of games I was interested in. The trailers are best viewed on a PC. If they were working from the PS4; you can go to the store and purchase the game right there. That inconvenience could nix a possible sale from the impulse buyers among us!I'm just getting started with the PS4 and that 500GB HDD is almost half full already. Based on my experience with the PS3; I imagined that 500GB in storage would be plenty. It ain't! With only 3 games installed and 30GB of data in Que; it'll be over half full!If you've read this far, and thinking about putting in a larger HDD: go with a 2TB HDD. Especially if you want to put some music or videos in there. The only data on my HDD right now is all Sony related. I'm not sure about the PS4; but the PS3 won't make any playlists unless the music is on the HDD.Like I said in the "bottom line"; "LOTS OF POTENTIAL". The graphics capability of the PS4 beats the Xbox 1, hands down. Good gaming is really all about the graphics and frame rates.I recommend the PS4. It's awesome!Read full review...
Title: Best video game console I have ever played! Comment: Its been a while since I had a video game console and stuck mostly to PC games and It kinda stuck with me for years, but after buying this console I am uninstalling all the games off my laptop and switching to this console instead. Its absolutely amazing playing games with a controller again and the ps4 dual-shock 4 is so easy to use and fits in any ones hands very easy. The Size of the console is very small actually i pictured in my head it was going to be much larger and heavier. Played Farcry 4 and GTA 5 and FF0 and they look amazing and feel great. Best console I have ever used by a long shot. Why PC game when this beast is sooo much better. I wish there where more games out but I imagine making games for this console takes a extremely long time to create for, being a Developer myself I understand this more than others who don't know about the process or making video games. The menu system is easy as heck to navigate threw and there are also some very nice options on different things to do besides gaming. Some complain about not being about to do other functions like on browse easily like on a PC or download other types of APPs that are useful for other things, but honestly just get a PC that's what there used for.Read full review...
Title: Quality game system Comment: Ever since Sony released the Playstation, I've been a huge fan. It has so many classic titles that never get old, never get tired of playing. Favorite game series for the Playstation is of course Metal Gear. One of the absolute best games ever made. Just wish Metal Gear Solid for PS1 would have a remake on the PS4. However, Metal Gear Solid Legacy Collection is quite awesome. I saw the way Solid Snake looked on the cover, and thought maybe the graphics would be upgraded. Although that wasn't the case, the game is still awesome. Would also like a remake for the highly popular game Castlevania Symphony of the Night. Classic game on a classic system. Quite possibly the best game ever in the series. Just beat Arkham Knight and The Order 1886. Didn't get the best ending in Arkham Knight, but it was a thrill to play. The Order 1886 is the real reason I got a PS4. Games like that have always captured my attention. Also Tomb Raider, yet another classic game series. That game is, to me, an edge of your seat game all the way through. True survival game. Just wish Rise of the Tomb Raider was exclusively on PS4, since the first games came out only on Playstation. But I'm a true Playstation fan, so I'll wait for Rise of the Tomb Raider to come out on PS4. Had only one problem with Playstation and that was due to a faulty game. Other than that, every system has performed better than expected. Really like the slim PS3 as well. Had a super slim system, but the look and feel of the slim one is just so awesome. Next game on the list is The Last of Us. And maybe Rainbow Six Siege. Kinda lost interest in that game when I found it was going from an ingrown terrorism task force to more of a multi player game. But nevertheless, Sony Playstation is my favorite modern game system. Really can't say anything negative about it. Also I got a fitted controller cover that looks awesome and feels great. Highly recommended to keep your controller clean. Oh and also recommend downloading the Bionic Commando and Double Dragon Neon on the Playstation Network. Main thing is, in my opinion, the Playstation systems are top of the line. Wouldn't rather have any other system, except for the old school 8 bit Nintendo. Thank you to all who read this reviewRead full review...
Title: Console good. Aftermarket controllers bad. Comment: Console works great so far. Had to buy two new controllers. The two aftermarket controllers it came with both listed to the left making games unplayable.
Title: Good buy...👍 Comment: Im happy with this console. I souped it up a bit by adding a 2tb external hard drive. Since It only has 500gb. I also got a new controller for this and a cooling tower. All in all I'm glad I made thispurchase.Read full review...
Title: PS4 Comment: It works great and my son loves it but I think it was a little too much 300.00 for only a 500 gigabit PS4 and it was used I must not have read everything because I was under the impression that it wasbrand new that’s why it was so expensive but other then that it’s amazing thank you.Read full review...
Title: Trash Comment: Got the ps4 2 days early. Plugged it in, got my account set up, put a game in to download. 15 min tops. It shuts itself off. No reason. No buttons we pressed. My was stuck and the ps4 wouldn't turn back on. Got my game out after 10 min of fiddling with the buttons. Still wont turn on though. I want a brand new ps4 or my 180$ back. NowRead full review...
Title: Good deal on used gaming device Comment: Wrapped professionally. Used with minor wear and tear. Plug and play within 5 minutes. Accidently left his previous account in the system, so I deleted it.Thanks for a great product!
Title: Great Console!!!!! Comment: Really a powerful console and that my children are enjoying a lot. Great product that came to me in a timely manner and in excellent condition. Great buy.
Title: PS4 Powerhouse Comment: Best gaming system I've ever had. Great game titles and fantastic graphics capability. Upgraded it with a 2TB hard drive, should never run out of storage space.
Title: Great! Comment: When it first arrived it was a little dirty and sounded like a hair dryer... I took it apart and sprayed it with a can of air and it worked like new. The controller grips are made for FPS, which was nice to have and not have to buy. The included HDMI cord works great as well.Overall a good product but a little dirty and needed cleaning. 9/10Read full review...
Title: More then I expected Comment: Buying any used electronic, especially a console, is an expensive risk. But I have used this console everyday without a problem. Gaming, listening to music, watching movies and tv everything is excellent quality with an extremely user friendly interface. As someone who has not loved other brands of consoles in the past, I would take this risk again without hesitation.Read full review...
Title: Exactly as expeted Comment: I bought this for the great selection of games on the system. I have not been disappointed.  Everything plays well and looks great. Absolutely no issues with the product.
Title: great system Comment: it is easy to set up, just needed to be upgraded through internet. i was playing games quickly. love the graphics. sony has a great product and worth the money.
Title: love it Comment: my son loves it. he wont even let me play! product was just as described. he loves the game. Amazing value
Title: Good for gaming Comment: The PS4 hands down is the best gaming device. Graphics are on point with every game. As far as other forms of media, this is where it falls short. Xbox has a better Internet browser, cloud storage integration and music playing. If you want just a gaming console, get the PS4. If you want a media console, get Xbox one.Read full review...
Title: My ps4 Comment: I loved it its the best great price still packaged everything was brand new thank u
Title: Got it for 1 reason Comment: So am a pc gamer (gtx 1070 strix and i5 6600k) The only reason i got the ps4 is because of one reason! HATSUNE MIKU: FUTURE TONE. and also gran turismo. But mostly for hatsune..... So yea. Its a greatconsole for games that are only on ps4. But overall i would prefer a pc. (Still a good entry-gaming piece of machine)  Would succ again to get it xb.Read full review...
Title: Great used PS4 game console! Comment: Console and 2 controllers are working fine. Thanks for the additional Micro USB cable!
Title: Console is all good but controller is not. Comment: Console is all good but controller is not at all. very fragile and easily gets faulty. That's just how playstation is
Title: This is a great purchase Comment: I really love this Sony PlayStation 4. It is very entertaining. When i get off work I play games instead of watching dull television shows. I love the selection of games. My wife and I are new to gaming but learning to play very quickly.Read full review...
Title: PS4 goodness!! Comment: This gaming system is one of the best ever created. And i have had many fun hours of fun with this product. The flow of gameplay is phenomenal. The graphics are also exceptional with the price of theproduct. My only complaint about this specific PS4 is that I could smell smoke from the controller and the PS4 itself. I know it will eventually go away but i don't enjoy smelling the smell.Read full review...
Title: GREAT CONSOLE VERY POWERFUL GREAT SALES which means more games coming.... Comment: I've been gaming since i can remember. My first console was a original NES "Nintendo" I have always owned two or three console of the same generation. So I've played many hours with different consolesso I like to think I can compare them without being bias.I got the PS4 the first day it launched. I think it launched with great games, if not one of the best launches of consoles. I had everything from Call of Duty, Battlefield, Killzone, Need for Speed, Assassins' Creed, Resogun.None of those games felt like next generation, well maybe Killzone but I think Infamous Second Son and MGS are the first true NEXT GEN games for the PS4. I played them and completed the games and they really makes use of the PS4 Power.Starting Up the PS4 is super fast compared to any other console out there right now. I love how fast you can go in and out of the game. You can check your trophies really quick this time around. Sony has learn from all the mistakes they did with the PS3The Controller for the PS4 is one of my favorite all time. I love how the analog sticks are made with the indention so it keeps your fingers from coming off. The L2 and R2 greatly improved from the PS3 i enjoy playing shooter games more now.The only thing I dislike about the PS4 is that there are no major RPG games out yet and Minecraft is not out for it yet. But that will change later this year. There are plenty of awesome indie games on the PS4 some of them are FREE so I can't complain about that.Read full review...
Title: Sony PS4 Review- Comment: This PS4 was an incredible deal, in excellent condition, and turned out to be a fantastic Christmas gift for my husband that was so pleasantly surprised. We love the product and are still shocked by this deal that was not too good to be trueRead full review...
Title: Plays Like It's Brand New Comment: Though the play station does lag a bit and the controller doesn't hold a charge for that long the system still works perfectly fine, other than a few very minor issues the console works perfectly as if just purchased brand new from a storeRead full review...
Title: PS4 Comment: Great value at a cheap purchase, and the LED’s make everything 10 times cooler. Would’ve rated 5 stars had it came with cables and maybe a controller, however, at its price, it was definitely a purchase I’d make again if necessary.Read full review...
Title: worth the price better then gamestop Comment: came faster then estimated delivery date and its a sick system way better then lame xbox 1. gamestop used is more expensive but comes with a longer warranty i think, but im glad i bought this one i haven't had any problems so far and i love it. ^.-Read full review...
Title: I bought this product about 3 years ago, great product Comment: Ive had this for the better part of 4 years so glad i got it, super fun console to play on and i adore it
Title: PS4.8 core processor, 500GB Ram, Jaguar Graphic card. Best home console yet Comment: So I've been a long time gamer. Being that said I'm going to be honest about my review. I have been with Sony Playstation since the beginning, PS1. I own a PS2, PS3, and now the PS4. The new improvements to begin with is the user friendly interface. PS4 offers a much simpler interface compared to PS3 in my personal opinion. I like how quick the machine loads, it's a beast at loading with an 8 Core processor. The Jaguar Graphics card is very good crisp and clear. I suggest running this system on a 1080p resolution HD TV to get the best quality picture. I have purchased two games so far on launch: Killzone Shadow Fall. I highly suggest this game for multiplayer much more of the story which don't last that long only 10 chapters. But there is plenty of extra to do. The graphics are very clear, but honestly for 2013 going on 2014 I was expecting a more powerful Graphics card. With that being said the work on PS4 began in 2008. I am really looking forward to next years titles, I think Playstation is going to deliver on this console big time and personally I think is going to win the console war for this current 8th generation. The price is right $399.99 USD on launch. Offers Blue Ray dvd and regular dvd such as last time. All games are made on Blue Ray discs now, reason being is massive amounts of data to put on the disc, not sure the exact number capacity and each game variates depending on the how long the game is, details such as texture map etc. I have no problem with PS4 such as overheating, plenty of cooling fans, no red ring of death like xbox 360 did. I love the design and the new controller is way more advance, I love the new dualshock 4 controller! It features a built in speaker which interacts with gameplay, better rumble features built into the controller. The most unique feature about the controller is the touch pad which is awesome in Killzone with your drone. The most unique feature I found out so far with PS4 is being able to stream live with Twitch.tv a website for gamers to show off their gameplay footage live steraming. The only problem I have encountered is some technical errors when streaming live sometimes on twitch.tv and other errors, which I'm sure in time will be patched being brought to Sony's attention. What makes PS4 different from PS3 is in order to play games online you must pay $49.99 per year for Playstation Plus. I think it kind of sucks they started doing that but all and all might improve, hopefully, our online gaming experience. I love how you can upgrade the Memory easier. A few complaints I have is not being able to play music Cd's and uploading mp3 songs. Now they charge with this music program called "Music Unlimited". I am very pissed off that PS4 isn't backward compatible with PS3 games. That is by far my biggest complaints. Other than that your looking at the most powerful home console of this 8th Generation. I recommend picking up Need for Speed Rivals, Killzone Shadow Fall, and Resogun, which is downloadable on the PS4 network. Downloading games is much faster and simpler as well! A must own for this 2013 Christmas! Enjoy your PS4, I know I will!Read full review...
Title: Powerful console with cool features. Needs more games and more local co-op! Comment: I bought this because I got a PS3 pretty late in the console generation (December 2011) after having an Xbox 360 for about 4 years and realizing that I liked playing some games on it more than I likedtheir Xbox 360 counterparts. I also thought there was a better selection of exclusives (Demon's Souls, Uncharted, The Last of Us, Killzone, Resistance, God of War, Infamous, Little Big Planet, Metal Gear Solid 4, Ratchet and Clank, SOCOM, etc.), whereas the 360 only had a few (Halo, Gears of War, Forza, Kameo, and a few PC ports like Left 4 Dead and The Witcher 2: Assassin's of Kings). Also, generally, Sony is just better to its customers than Microsoft is.After hearing about the PS4 getting exclusivity rights to Bloodborne (which is being developed by the same company and with a similar gameplay aesthetic to Demon's Souls and Dark Souls), I decided to go with the PS4 as my next-gen console of choice as the Souls series is one of my favorites. The PS4 was also a decent amount cheaper than the Xbox One and had more interesting exclusives to me, like Infamous: Second Son and Killzone: Shadowfall. That combined with the fact that TigerDirect was having a flash deal on Ebay where the console was $40 off (and didn't have any sales tax!) convinced me to jump on getting one now instead of later. Plus, there were some fantastic looking remasters of PS3 games coming out that looked like they might be worth a buy instead of their original versions, namely The Last of Us and Grand Theft Auto V.Unfortunately, I have yet to find a reason to purchase a second controller, which has left me feeling that the console might as well not even have the option to connect multiple controllers. I grew up playing local multiplayer (especially co-op) with my brother and we have yet to find any games that allow us to play together on the console even though it has been out for almost a year. There are a few like the downloadable title Octodad: Dadliest Catch and the updated version of Injustice: Gods Among Us, but neither of us are big fighting game fans and the cooperative portion of Octodad loses its luster after a few playthroughs. As cooperative multiplayer is my favorite part of video games, I really hope they eventually give me more of a reason to get a second controller.Another negative thing about the console is that it has a very weak selection of games to appeal to most audiences. I have thus far only purchased two video games (Infamous: Second Son and Killzone: Shadow Fall) for the console. I feel that there aren't many more games set to arrive in the coming months and I would really like to build up my library if possible, but not much is looking appealing. It'd be cool if they would get some more decent action/shooter games and RPGs out, especially since I think they would appeal to a large portion of the people who have a PS4.Read full review...
