Title: Best gaming console truly a next generation console
 Comment: This is coming from a hard-core Xbox user. I ended up getting this console through a coworker of mine who was selling it because it wasn’t the version he wanted I had previously gotten a PS4 just forGod of war and then got sucked into a few of the other PlayStation exclusive games. My biggest issue with PlayStation has always been their controller it doesn’t feel ergonomically correct like the Xbox one I have big hands and I always felt like my hands were scrunched up and the other PlayStation controllers. Once I got my hands on the PlayStation five I immediately noticed the difference in size not only the console itself which is huge by the way you’re basically buying a PC hard drive, The controller was the biggest difference for me. Well it still has all the same buttons and features as the previous PS4 controller this thing is bigger and actually looks like they put some thought into the controller. It looks like it was made with some decent quality and I am quite impressed withRead full review...
Title: Console may be defective
 Comment: Play station worked fine at first, however less than a month later we are having to replace the hdmi port. This is extremely disappointing because I spent so much on the console.The product did arrive very quickly and I was able to surprise my son with the console on his bday which was two days before Christmas.Read full review...
Title: Faster loading time; Finally!
 Comment: If you have playstation plus, you get a great selection of games to play for the ps5 to start you off. You can also download your ps4 games and play it on this system. The graphics are amazing. Loading times are incredible fast. The system itself is huge, but you can place it standing up or on the side. The ergonomics of the controller is fantastic; it feels amazing on your hands. Plus, the controller has this sweet feature where it vibrant depending on where your character steps. You can feel the difference when your character walks on sand vs. a hard surface; hopefully upcoming games take advantage of this feature. Overall, it's a great system and I will have lots of use and enjoyment out of this.Read full review...
Title: Great system with some surprises!
 Comment: It’s a great system with all the upgrades and more than I expected. I was surprised with all the extra settings and features this system had to offer that wasn’t available on the PS4. Definitely morecustomizable and user friendly. The controller is a huge improvement. I’m definitely impressed with it. Graphics are amazing and so much more detailed. However, if you don’t have a tv that’s 4K with HDR and runs at least 60Hz then you won’t see a difference between the 5 over the 4. Make sure your tv is up to date to receive the full effect this system has to offer. Highly recommended!Read full review...
Title: Really Good, but Needs More Storage
 Comment: It definitely runs better than the PlayStation 4, and doesn't sound like a jet engine the way the PS4 did. Graphics are better, the adaptive triggers are a nice feature. I have to say I like the UI better on the PlayStation 4 as the PS5's is sometimes difficult to navigate. There are a lot of awesome features though, like picking right back up where you left off after the system enters rest mode. My only real complaint is the huge lack of system storage and capabilities to upgrade the storage. I can fit maybe 7 games at a time on the console at most. System needs upgraded SSD capability. On the PS4 I never had an issue with storage management thanks to my 6 TB hardrive upgrade. 4/5, would be 5/5 with upgraded storage capability.Read full review...
Title: July 2021 date stamped PS5 OVERVIEW
 Comment: I'm giving the 2nd production line (mine is stamped July 2021) Playstation 5 a 5-star rating.The 1st boot set-up was very detailed & proper.It comes with a Sony designed Playstation 5 gamethat teaches you all about the console, hardware, & controller in a fun visual game. It's a large game as well (10 GB).The controller is amazing; built in mic & speaker, touch senor pad, & the standard controller operations. Very nice.I am able to hook-up in the back USB port (there are 2 in the back) a SSD 500GB Crucial for storing PS4 games & apps (PS4 games & apps are playable) (PS5 games can be stored on my Crucial SSD but,  need to be moved to the PS5 SSD for playability). Very nice feature!The Home Screen(s) for the PS5 are very nice,  it was a lot of fun getting familiar with this game console.BEST GAMES - Diablo 2 Resurrected, Call of Duty Black-Ops COLD WAR, Battlefield 2042, ELDEN RING,  Grand Turismo 7.Read full review...
Title: That DualSense tho
 Comment: Might be a wild opinion, but I think the PS5 is worth it for the DualSense controller alone. The adaptive triggers and detailed vibration make this one of, if not THE best controllers I've ever used.Super immersive, and it just feels *good* to use. Really hoping devs take advantage of this. And hey, 3.5mm audio jack with 3D audio ON the controller? Very happy about this.Also, a quick shoutout to Sony's UI team - navigating the home screen and PSN are no longer a chore. Menus are elegant and functional - two words that accurately describe the system overall (unless you're not into the two tone color scheme, that is).Is it worth buying right now? That depends on... a lot of factors, including how much cash you're willing to burn (though Paypal payment plans lessen this blow). We won't be seeing anything truly next-gen til maybe early next year, but the current offerings (like Ghost of Tsushima in 4k/60fps, the Judgment remaster, and Demon's Souls, among others) are certainly nothing to sneeze at. If you have an existing PS4 library, this offers the best way to play (most) of those games. YMMV.Read full review...
Title: A product of the year for this Holiday Season
 Comment: This amazing Playstation is clearly the finest console that Sony has created. It solves many of the limitations of the PS4, with exceptional graphics, sound, control, haptics, and visual design. Witheach game app that I load in, I am delighted by the result whether it is a PS5 or even a PS4 program. Everything runs very smooth, no glitches, no slow down. Each play session feels seamless and load times are amazingly fast.Read full review...
Title: What a console
 Comment: I’ve had my ps4 first versión since it came out. Incredible how many hours I put into it and still worked perfectly. However, it was time for an upgrade. And wow, the new PS5 is amazing. Definitely worth paying 2x the manufactures price. It has amazing, almost 3D like graphics. Pretty cool how you can change settings for it to go from performance focused to resolution focused. I’m looking forward to exploring more of it features.Read full review...
Title: next gen is here and awesome
 Comment: these things are in high demand and due to the chip shortage may not be available for a year or more. but, the product is "next gen" and definitely  "ground breaking" & gorgeous.one of the controllers developed that "drift"  in the right joy stick - but fortunately there was a second one - so no down time. not really any ps5 games out right now, but the older ps4 games w/ sony's patch show a definite difference - almost like playing a new game. games like : days gone - last of us part 2 - uncharted 4 .... all got a nice graphic boost as well. i highly recommend this product and when sony opens up the internal expansion slot - well, "sky's the limit"Read full review...
Title: Amazing Console, Defiantly Worth It
 Comment: I've been playing on this thing nonstop for the past 3 months (yeah, sorry I'm late to reviewing this) and I've been having a great time with this console. The graphics, the controller features, and it's exclusives are all A+. One gripe is the price, but considering how rare these are and compared to what scalpers are selling these for, I'd argue what I spent here was definitely worth it.Read full review...
Title: Great purchase
 Comment: So happy I finally got my hands on one of these for my fiancé! The graphics are amazing and the controller haptics are really cool! Love the trigger resistance feature. Even the built in games are really fun. We set our hdmi port to the enhanced view to get the best quality picture and were not disappointed!Read full review...
Title: Excellent
 Comment: PlayStation 5 (with disc drive) is excellent. Its easily the best console available. Playing PS4 and PS5 physical games on it is a great feature! I think it is the perfect console for anyone that wants the better exclusive games vs the xbox, and if you also have a switch you can be sure you can play every good game that will come out!Read full review...
Title: My PS5
 Comment: 2 weeks before getting my PS5, my PS4 had given out forcing me to need to get another one and so I decided to finally spend the money 💰 and get the PS5. I had refused to pay $1,000 for one, so seeing👀 this for $700 was what I needed. Now that I have it, it takes getting used to, but it's great. My PS5 was brand new and I love the fact it has Tubi and other apps on it. I'm very satisfied altogether.Read full review...
Title: Exactly as stated
 Comment: No problems whatsoever. Came within a week. Everything works great and brand new.  At first thought price was high till I looked at retail places (Walmart etc) and found this was a better deal with way more to offer. Just console at retail places was more then this whole bundle definitely better deal this way. 100% satisfied.Read full review...
Title: Goos/Bad about the new PlayStation 5
 Comment: Good: Loading time non-existent. Great graphics with a good fps rate, the new operating system is much more practical than any Playstation version. The console itself is beautiful.Bad: I bought it in May/2022, few games available on the market (even 1 year and 6 months after launch), it seems to me that the DualSense battery runs out faster compared to the PS4 controller, be prepared to spend some money updating yours games from PS4 versions to PS5 versions (some however are free like Cyberpunk 2077 or Fortnite)Read full review...
Title: So far it's everything promised. The safety lengths with all the bubble wrap made me very happy. Timing worked out great. Wish nothing but good things
 Comment: So far it's everything promised. The safety lengths with all the bubble wrap made me very happy. Timing worked out great. Wish nothing but good things for the seller 🤟
Title: Great but pricy.
 Comment: While it was a bit pricy, this was the only way I could get the console into my hands. I've been trying multiple times to get one on Ebay but I kept running into some that were trying to scam me. I'mglad that this time around, they promised to get the prodcut that they said they would and got it to me very quickly. I highly doubt I could have got this for market price nor could I get one from the typical stores since they always get sold out in seconds. I did not like that I had to pay this much for it, but I at this point, it's better to pay this price for the PS5 instead of waiting for another year before any more will be sold in stores.Read full review...
Title: PS5 and new controller are phenomenal
 Comment: The PS5 is so much faster than the 4, the graphics are a big leap forward, the speed of loading and server-based games is much faster, and the née controller is the best controller I’ve ever used. Thestandard PS5 controller has the best features and best feeling response. It’s better than pro controllers.Read full review...
Title: Very happy I took the plunge
 Comment: By far best Sony system yet with a ton of good news for the Sony brand this year.. also I can only say my purchase from my provider was top notch and with plenty of communication and info given. I was100% pleased with the whole process!!Read full review...
Title: PS5
 Comment: Exactly as advertised! Put it in my son’s room and walked away praying it was a brand new PS5, which it was. My son used a LAN cable to transfer his PS4 data over in a couple easy steps. Works perfectly!!!Read full review...
Title: When i saw the price i reaoly thought this was too good to be true but I have not noticed a single issue with it, so far this playstation has worked a
 Comment: When i saw the price i reaoly thought this was too good to be true but I have not noticed a single issue with it, so far this playstation has worked as well as I'd expect a brand new one to. It also arrived faster than i expectedRead full review...
Title: Good if you can get your hands on one
 Comment: I was lucky enough to finally get my hands on a PS5 and I am very satisfied. The console came a couple days ahead of time and I was able to get a few games right after. Love the features in the new controller and the graphical update from the previous generation.Read full review...
Title: PS5 Does Not Disappoint.  Great Console!
 Comment: I’ve been a Sony guy for years - the PS5 is everything it should be and more.  Couldn’t be happier - well, the could produce enough to meet demand, but other than that - once you have one you won’t bedisappointed.  Super easy transfer of PS4 data / games / etc.Read full review...
Title: Lightweight with great features, slim design
 Comment: Slim design. Great graphics. Price is good for market comparison. Delivery time was excellent.
Title: .
 Comment: Well Playstation always have has a great gaming console. The only down fall is paying these people that scoop up all the ps5 were no one can get one and u either pay there high price or wait a year.
Title: Well cared for system.
 Comment: I wanted a disc-based PS5 because there are often store discounts on games not discounted on PSN. This item was packaged securely, exactly as advertised, and works perfectly. Added an additional M.2 drive for storage, works perfectly. No complaints at all.Read full review...
Title: Playstation 5
 Comment: I have had it for about a week now. I got a couple of games for it and it is awesome! I love the graphics, faster load time, and the new features on the controller make the experience more realistic.
Title: Awesome!
 Comment: Amazing, one of the better deals on a PS5 and it was just as described, brand new, sealed in package. I've already beat two games because I love the 4k graphics so much I couldn't quit!
Title: Great potential, juries out on whether it will have been the right move.
 Comment: PS5 needs more games, it is new but after 1 year, I would expect a lot more.  Also, why is the memory not big enough to hold more than a couple of the bigger titles and couple that with no external storage solution?Read full review...
Title: A excellent upgrade from previous Gen console.
 Comment: A major upgrade.Coming from the Xbox one X I can say I'm really impressed.The controller itself really makes a huge difference (the adaptive triggers and vibration function) and the fast loading timesis also welcoming.I would recommend this if you want to make the jump to the 9th gen consoles.At first,I thought about getting the series X but I figure the PS5 for me is the better buy.Read full review...
Title: Amazing deal
 Comment: Perfect condition works as promised, I do wish it came with a controller but it was easy enough to get a brand new one so it’s perfectly fine
Title: Great items all around
 Comment: Very well made item, and overall a truly great game system bundle to. The packaging was well done, and nothing got damaged or anything like that, and came as described, and overall a very well worth every penny item to have. 👍😁Read full review...
Title: Love my PS5!
 Comment: Great gaming system. Love the unique features it has vs the xbox series x. Love it has a rechargeable controller vs needing batteries.
Title: stronger and quieter than last gen
 Comment: it's exactly what I wanted, even if it landed in my hands two years after launchit had some finicky connections issues with the internet while setting it up the first day but its a quick fix aftermanually changing the primary and secondary DNS on your internet settingsRead full review...
Title: the console is easy to setup, just follow the manual or instructions and it will guide you thru everything you need to know...
 Comment: excellent video game console!  definitely worth purchasing! excellent graphics, gameplay, and the looks of the console are excellent too!  i've been playing ps4 video games on my ps5 disc edition console, so i won't be able to make a judgement on which system i like better the series x or ps5 because i haven't played ps5 video games on it yet!Read full review...
Title: Entertainment console with many pros
 Comment: The accessibility of the features the console is easier to maneuver than the it's predecessor PS4.Unfortunately, the PS5 won't play region 1 DVD discs that are dated from years back and I tried factory resetting it & created a new user to select the language features once again to United States (English).Read full review...
Title: Finally!
 Comment: Finally got my hands on a PS5! It’s expensive due to shortage in stores so if you want one it won’t be cheap. Delivered certified and I had to sign for  it.  This one was the cheapest I found on eBay.Much appreciated.Read full review...
Title: Fast processing speed
 Comment: The PS5 is noticeably much faster loading online games than the PS4. The unit itself is bigger and wider. As far as graphics, I can’t tell any difference and I have a 4K Sony tv. I also feel that thestorage capacity could be at least as good as my PS4, but since it’s not, I bought additional storage for it. I paid double the original price, but I understand the downside of supply and demand, so that’s how it goes. For me, the PS4 does the job. So, mainly, I got the PS5 incase my old unit fails. Until that happens, there’s really no significant difference between these units that I can see.Read full review...
Title: It's a good console
 Comment: The PS5 is a great console, it's fast, responsive, and easy to use. They have moved a lot of things around from where they were on the PS4, so a little learning is required to get used to it, but it'sgenerally no issue. It plays PS4 games as well as PS4, so this console can act as both if you don't already own a PS4, or are just looking to retire the old one.Read full review...
Title: Loving the PS5!
 Comment: I haven’t had a PlayStation since ps1 and although I had to pay $300 more than it retail I’m very satisfied with it, if I had waited for retail price I might have had to wait another year.. but it wasa better price than one for $900 + so it wasn’t that bad and well worth itRead full review...
Title: Loving Playstation 5
 Comment: My grandson waited one year for the PS5 because of shortages and price gouging and is enjoying every minute he is able to play.  I did watch Spiderman with him and the graphics are great as well as the controller.LovingRead full review...
Title: My response to this item
 Comment: I’ll be honest, I was not expecting that I won this PS5. I would’ve expected anyone to win this one but it turns out that I was the only bidder and then I won and My family was stunned. Aside from allthat, the console is great. The console works as it should be which is great and I have a lot of fun. But there are some flaws from this bid,Cons about this bid1. Being overpriced ($800 + shipping)2. Doesn’t have a spare controller and a free game.I’ll give this one a 4/5 stars for this one is because the console that I won was new which is great and but I don’t like about it is that it is overpriced and it doesn’t have a few things that were mentioned on your description which is misleading.Thank you for being available for this PS5 bidder. I wouldn’t be able to get a PS5 without this bid. And that we are at a point where PS5s  are sold out in stores. Once again, Thank you.Read full review...
Title: Pricey buy a great console
 Comment: It's a shame that the best way to get these right now is through scalpers, but it's worth a couple of extra dollars to save yourself the headache of going through the miserable process of waiting through Walmart, Target, and Best Buy lines and online queues and all that.The system itself is pretty great. I'm a lifelong PlayStation fan and this one lives up to expectations so far. It is a HUGE console, which can be an issue if space is limited, and I have had one instance where a game (Elden Ring) crashed to the desktop, or whatever you call the console equivalent. But otherwise it's been great. Much quieter fans than the PS4, too, which is appreciated. All in all, a great console!Read full review...
Title: You get what you Overpay for
 Comment: So far loving the PS5 even though I did have to pay over 800 bucks to get my hands on one of these but so far love the graphics and controller very much and I am taking full advantage of all the capabilities of the console even the 4K 120 fps for the games that allow for that featureRead full review...
Title: Big, Bulky, White system. Price gouging sellers.
 Comment: What's Good: Graphics seem to be superior to that of the previous generation. I can say Genshin Impact has a much higher quality to it's look on the PS5 that it seemed to have issues loading for the PS4.What's Bad: Personally, I feel the price for one of these systems is far from a fair value, people shouldn't have to be forced to pay a higher than market price to enjoy games on a newer system.Facts about the system: It's rather huge, in terms of it's size and weight, I can easily attest that the system is going to make it difficult for console collectors to find a suitable home. There is a minor inconvenience to inserting disks into the drive of the system as well.Read full review...
Title: Powerful and quiet at the same time
 Comment: A powerful device that loads PS5 games quickly and with impressive visuals. It has a nice controller and is very quiet in power usage. I do enjoy the backward compatibility that it offers for playingPS4 games. I would like in the future update to be able to also run PS3 games and I do miss the PS4 Pro home screen. That being said, this is a nice console and it works well if you can get your hands on one!Read full review...
Title: A Substantial leap in power and hardware
 Comment: When the PS4 first came out, it honestly didn’t really feel like that much of a “jump” when compared with the previous PS3 or Xbox, but this is not the case with the PS5, as it power and performance in comparison to the PS4+PS4 Pro actually feel like “the next generation”Here at the main things that I like about the PS5:1. Most if not all PS4 games are backwards compatible with the PS5, so you won’t be stuck with no games to play while waiting for exclusives to come out.2. Controller feels good, and the haptic feedback system is very impressive but novel at the same time. I’m interested to see how developers will utilize this system in the future.3. Load times are considerably lower which is a plus as that means less time staring at a loading screen.4. PS4 games running on the PS5 will usually run at 60 FPS, and some developed are already adding the options for higher resolutions like 4K or even 8K (if your monitor/TV has that capability)The only real complaint that I have is that the console is pretty large, which can make finding a good place to put it a a little difficult. Which is sad as the console looks much better when it is set upward rather than horizontally, but I am sure that Sony or some other third party group will release some kind of modification or accessory that addresses this at some point.Overall, I would certainly recommend buying one if you can your hands on one.Read full review...
Title: Humble about the gift
 Comment: My grandson had been waiting for one I work for a big box company and I couldn’t get one from them. I was determined to get one for him by Christmas. So glad he didn’t have to go another year withoutone. He loves the graphics and can play with friends once again.Read full review...
Title: Great Console, shape is odd
 Comment: Everyone that sees the console loves the graphics and speed, but they all say what a weird shape it is.  Well, they always come out with an updated console after a year or so, and they can wait for that while i enjoy mine : )You cant build a gaming pc that competes with the cost of the consile.Read full review...
Title: AWESOME!!
 Comment: I love this console! I have waited for almost a year to finally take the plunge to get it. USPS made the wait longer by loosing it in the mail for a month. But this co some rocks!!
